according to statusa affiliate marketing
spending in just the United States alone
is expected to reach 8.2 billion dollars
by 2022 that's more than triple what it
was 10 years earlier hey everyone I'm
Neil Patel and today I'm going to break
down the six highest paying affiliate
platforms to use in
2022 before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this Channel and if you're
on YouTube click the
notification lots of bloggers make money
from affiliate marketing just look at
Pat from Smart passive income a report
from AWI shows that 65% of affiliate
marketers choose content marketing to
generate traffic with affiliate
marketing content creators can make
commission by marketing someone else's
product or service every time a sale is
generated they get paid out it's usually
a percentage based or even a flat fee
based on the lifetime value of the
customer that you're driving driving to
those companies right in essence you
drive a buyer you get paid each and
every single time and if you're getting
started with affiliate marketing and
want to learn about it I have a video
about what is affiliate marketing and
how you can leverage it and you should
see a link for it on the screen if
you're watching YouTube so there's a
huge opportunity for you to monetize
your traffic right now whether you're
generating organic traffic through let's
say content marketing SEO or you have
tons of followers on social media
but before I give you my list of the
highest paying affiliate platforms I
just want you to understand that there
are two ways for you to get paid as
affiliate there's a onetime payout this
is when you get paid right after a sale
has been made from your affiliate link
usually they'll pay you up within 30 to
60 days after that sale so here's a pro
with getting paid out one time your
payments are usually more than what the
cost that the person just did for that
transaction for example if they just
bought something that was $10 a month
your probably going to get paid out 50
bucks or even
$100 now the con with that model you
won't be able to forecast your Revenue
as each month the sales you generate can
vary which impacts the predictability
and how much you're going to earn every
single month the second type of way to
earn affiliate revenue is reoccurring
commission every time they get paid you
get paid that's in essence the model
with affiliate that's monthly
reoccurring now it's a percentage of the
transaction so if someone getting
charged $10 a month you may get paid $3
a month or $5 a month but if that
customer lasts two three years it can
add up to a pretty penny now here's a
pro with that every month you'll
generate consistent revenue and the more
you continually promote that product the
more consistent your income will be if
you promote that platform that's low
turn rates High retention your money
will really start adding up over time
now here's a con you're going to make a
tiny bit of money every single month and
it'll take a really long time to ramp up
and assuming that platform retains their
customers really well you'll do well but
if not you'll suffer now those are the
two types of affiliate platforms out
there and now let's dive into affiliate
networks so you can get a chance to pick
and choose which platform and program is
right for you because each and every
single one of these platforms have
different programs and you can pick and
choose which programs and types of
payments you want to go after and
they're all different and let's say you
have a health site or a casino site or
financial site it doesn't matter you
literally can pick all different types
of platforms create content and generate
Revenue but the things that you promote
need to be relevant to your audience
whether it's nutrition or sports or
healthy foods Etc it doesn't matter and
affiliate programs from an individual
company let's say you know let's say you
want to partner with with Uber CS my SEO
tool right I have a SEO tool you can be
affiliate and you need to subscribe and
then once you're affiliate you can
promote the SAS based product and you
can get paid now the big difference with
this is when you promote something
that's like health or Fitness related
most of those things are one time and
then the other stuff like the software
the reoccurring stuff typically you'll
start getting paid out monthly now with
Uber suggest I don't really have an
affiliate program I'll was just more so
use that example for you so now let's
dive into the network first one I have
for you share a cell check it out the
next one I have for you ClickBank
ClickBank is more so well known for
selling eBooks but they're really
popular CJ is another one Amazon
especially if you want to promote
products on Amazon eBay also has their
own partner program it's called the eBay
partner Network EPN um and there's also
Flex offers now here's some of the
highest paying affiliate programs that
I've seen from companies Fiverr earn up
to $150 CPA for every firsttime buyer or
up to ,000 per sale with their $10 CPA
SL 10% rev share hybrid model Services
prices can go up to
$110,000 blue host pal starting at $65
hostinger can offer Affiliates up to
$150 per sale on a tiered pricing
structure their affiliate partner
program offers a base pale of around $60
with the opportunity to make up to $150
now that's affiliate marketing in a
nutshell and especially when you're
looking at 2022 make sure you jump on
the bandwagon if you're already talking
or promoting other products might as
well get paid in affiliate format if
you're not you don't necessarily have to
get into affiliate marketing especially
if you already have something that's
making you a ton of money like your
business or your job but if you want
some extra income and you're already
talking about other products or Services
join up for their affiliate program and
if they don't have one go find another
amazing product or service that's
related and sign up for their affiliate
program now if you have any questions
leave a comment below I'm here to answer
it if you enjoyed the video like it
share tell people about it if you want
help optimizing your affiliate program
check out my Ad Agency NP digital